4/22/25
Progress - The majority fo my progress has included cleaning and fine tuning my work. I've made some edits to my digital and written products cleaning up some 
        aspects and adding visuals. I've also built my slide deck and am preparing to present my project to the class tomorrow.
Problems - No problems to report.
Plans - I will give my final presentation to the class tomorrow, and then I'll present to my client at the end of the week. Aside from that I plan to wrap up 
        final touches my digital and written products so I'm ready for my final submissions.

4/8/25
Progress - I add and revised my digital product which is the 'About' tab of the web application, and I incorporated the suggested revisions for my written product.
Problems - We discussed issues around sharing my digital product with Jason's class, but after meeting with Jason, we have agreed that I will share screenshots of 
        my product and then give a live demonstration of my product when his class interviews me in the following period.
Plans - I will continue to update my written and digital products as well as review the written products of the memebers in my group. 

3/25/25
Progress - I improved the formatting of the Shiny application and refined the dynamic visualizations. I also completed the first draft of my written product.
Problems - No problems to report.
Plans - I would like to add some captions below some of the visualizations in the Shiny app. I'm also working on my digital product.

3/11/25
Progress - I've transitioned my application to run using Shiny. I've also included some dynamic visualizations that display the distribution of vegitation
        health for a given day and the overall trend of vegitation health across the 2024 season. 
Problems - No problems to report right now.
Plans - I want to add two cards that display help visualize vegetation health status of the area and then look into adding an automation function to play
        through a series of days. I'll wrap this up by end of week and then work on my written product.

3/4/25
Progress - I met with my client again to better understand their needs for this project and what direction they would like me to head moving forward. They've 
        indicated that they'd like for the application to be built using Shiny for python, rather than the FastAPI/HTML combo I've been building. I've been 
        reading about Shiny and working on transitioning my application to this platform.
Problems - No problems to report, I just need to spend some time familarizing myself with Shiny.
Plans - I'll continue to work on building the Shiny application and then adding some functionality to visualize average NDVI overtime. 

2/25/25
Progress - I made good progress this week. I finalized the main data processing pipeline and applied the processing to the entire 2024 growing season. I also 
        added some functionality to my interactive mapping application that allows the user to change the month and day they'd like to view. 
Problems - I spent lots of time this week debugging some issues in the main pipeline, but I have no problems to report right now.
Plans - I've completed the visualization aspect of my mapping application, but I'd like to add some functionality that displays trend analysis across a period 
        of time. I plan to include some descriptive charts to display the distribution of NDVI values across the geopgraphy.

2/18/2025
Progress - I included some functionality into my main code to save the RGB and NDVI raster layers to the s3 bucket and I've been in communication with my client 
        about accessing a GUI to visualize this cloud storage space.
Problems - I didn't make as much progress as I would have liked this past week. My client was out of town for the week and I have limited access to view the
        files I've saved in the cloud to verify that they have been properly stored. I have plans to meet with my client about this issue early this week.
Plans - My goals for this next week remain the same. I'd like to verify my cloud storage method and then apply my main code loop to all of the 2024 growing season.

2/11/2025
Progress - I built functioning application that displays the RGB and NDVI layers from a single day in an interactive map. This application is just hosted locally on
        on my laptop, but it holds the framework for my end product. I also communicated with my client and recieved access to their cloud storage. 
Problems - I've been troubleshooting using the boto3 package which is an AWS s3 api to save raster images to the cloud storage. It's been a slower process than I
        anticipated but I've been making progress none the less. 
Plans - My plans for this next week are to apply my code to the entire 2024 growing season. By the end of this week I'd like to have all availible RGB and NDVI
        layers saved to the cloud. This will allow me to work on building the final digital product in the following week.

2/4/2025
Progress - I completed both goals, using a shapefile to only query data inside of MSO county and I restructured my code to into reuseable functions.
        I also made some improvements such as saving rasters as Cloud Optimized Geotiffs and reprojecting rasters to Web Mercator.
        Lastly I began looking into what tools I will want to use to build my web application.
Problems - No issues to report currently. I just have some learning to do about how to structure a web application.
Plans - My plans for this week are to build the framework for my web application. I'll worry less about the formatting this week and focus on getting the 
        functionality working.

1/28/2025
Progress - I've successfully downloaded several satellite images that span the area of Missoula County and stitched them together to create one raster image. 
        I've also created an NDVI (Normalized Difference Vegitation Index) layer than can be plotted on top of the baselayer to visualize vegitation health. 
        This code is set up in a way that I can loop a list of dates and download, process, and save the satellite images from each date.
Problems - I'm having some serious issues with the python geopandas package. There appears to be a recent update in the fiona package which geopandas relies on, 
        I've spent a couple of hours trying to problem solve this with the help of chatGPT and StackOverflow, but have had no luck. This package is necessary to 
        handle vector data which I will use to crop images to the shape of Missoula County.
Plans - I have two goals for this nect week. First I want to properly handle the shapefiles I'll be using to plot the vector data for Missoula county. This will 
        require some slight restructuring of my code to crop satellite images to within the bounds of Missoula County. My second goal is to reorganize my main code 
        chunks to be more function oriented. My client has suggested that it would be helpful for my code to be modularized. I intend on wrapping the functionality
        of the main satellite image processing loop into functions that can be reused.
        I haven't been keeping track of my time spent but I would estimate I've spent around 40 hours on this project.
